Cancer is a Curable Parasite by Dr. Lee Merritt

(battles777 note: This is the way I take chlorine dioxide, although I have only taken chlorine dioxide 3 drop combination once a day.)

Purchasing and taking chlorine dioxide:

MMS: MMS = 'Chlorine dioxide' = 'Sodium Chlorite Solution' = CDS.

MMS is said to kill 97% of all pathogens in the body, including malaria, cancer, and lupas. It also kills parasites.

I am not a doctor or have anything to do with the medical or health industry. The following is what was instructed by a chemist, although I would suggest following Dr. Merritt's schedule from the video. 

You can take a 3 drop combination once a day. This is what I have heard only. I am not sure how long you would need to do this. Some people take it 8 times a day (3 drops in the morning and 1 drop hourly for the next 7 hours) for 6 months to get rid of lupus. You shouldn't have to go that long. I only take a 3 drop dose of chlorine dioxide daily when I am ill with something until I seem to be completely over an illness.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Place to purchase:

Search 'chlorine dioxide' on bitchute.
You might start here (skip the advertisement in the first 2:50):
https://www.bitchute.com/video/N5wUBiAmCWtq/

You need 2 components.
Sodium Chlorite Solution 25% (this can be 24 to 27%)
https://kvlab.com/chlorine-dioxide-products/sodium-chlorite-solution-25-

and

4.375% Hydrochloric Acid (HCl) (this can be 4%)
https://kvlab.com/chlorine-dioxide-products/hydrochloric-acid-4-percent.html
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Note concerning the mixing formula in the next paragraph: You might want to start off by taking a mix of 1 drop of Chlorine Dioxide with 1 drop of Hydrochloric Acid (HCl) to see if you have a reaction. Next day take a mix of 2 drops of the Chlorine Dioxide with 2 drops of Hydrochloric Acid (HCl). Then up to a 3 by 3 mix. A 3 by 3 mix has been the recomended maximum daily dosage.

Wait until at least 2 hours after eating/drinking before taking MMS. Then wait 2 hours after taking MMS before eating/drinking again. Usually you mix 3 drops of the chlorine dioxide with 3 drops of Hydrochloric Acid (HCl). Use glass containers for the following. Pour an 8 ounce glass of distilled or spring water before hand. Put the 3 drops of Hydrochloric Acid along the bottom edge of an empty shot glass (or small glass container). Then drop 3 drops of the chlorine dioxide on top of the Hydrochloric Acid. Tilt the shot glass and gently shake the drops together for 30 to 45 seconds. I have found that shaking it more than 30 to 45 seconds seems to dilute the mixture by causing too much gas to escaping from the liquid. The color has never been more that yellow (never amber). Do not breath the fumes coming off while mixing. (NEVER DRINK THE COMBINATION WITHOUT DILUTING IT FIRST IN THE DISTILLED OR SPRING WATER! IT WILL BURN YOU.) Next pour some of the distilled water out of the 8 ounce glass into the shot glass. Pour that back into the remaining 8 ounce glass (this mixes the water with the solution). Do this mixing one more time. Then drink the 8 ounce solution right away. It can be fairly stinky, so you might want to hold your breath. You can use more that 8 ounces of water if you like. The more water, the less stinky it will be.

Check you tongue for spots and discontinue use if they begin to appear. Some people have a reaction to chlorine dioxide that will manifest itself this way. This seems to be rare.

I have uploaded a spreadsheet on a free file site that, to the best of my knowledge, calculates the days to take MMS that Dr. Lee Merritt suggest (she used) for ridding the body of parasites. The file runs on the freeware program Libre Office. It may run on other office software also. Once Libre Office is installed on your computer, you can open the file with it. Follow the instructions at the bottom of the spreadsheet.

Libre Office download site: https://www.libreoffice.org
Spreadsheet interval calculator: https://github.com/swwtx/chlorine-dioxide
